Docs: Add CRD info to canary upgrade (#6508)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/operations/upgrading/canary.md

{{% /notice %}}

**What happens with CRDs when I perform a canary upgrade?**

> Each patch version might add custom resource definitions (CRDs), update existing CRDs, or remove outdated CRDs. When you deploy perform canary upgrade by installing a newer version of Gloo Edge in your data plane cluster, the Gloo Edge CRDs in your cluster are updated to the newer version, because the CRDs are only one manifest within your cluster. The Gloo Edge APIs are designed to be both forward and backward compatible, so the updated CRDs should not impact the performance of your older installation. However, if after evaluating the newer installation you decide to continue to use the older installtion, you can easily re-apply the CRDs for the older version.

Reviewer: This isn't completely accurate. When installing the newer Gloo Edge version, any *newly added* CRDs are installed automatically, but existing CRDs are not overwritten with newer versions. We should add a step below before 1. to apply the new CRDs before upgrading Gloo Edge (similar to our upgrade guides).

> Each patch version might add custom resource definitions (CRDs), update existing CRDs, or remove outdated CRDs. When you deploy perform canary upgrade by installing a newer version of Gloo Edge in your data plane cluster, the Gloo Edge CRDs in your cluster are updated to the newer version, because the CRDs are only one manifest within your cluster. The Gloo Edge APIs are designed to be both forward and backward compatible, so the updated CRDs should not impact the performance of your older installation. However, if after evaluating the newer installation you decide to continue to use the older installtion, you can easily re-apply the CRDs for the older version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each patch version might add custom resource definitions (CRDs), update existing CRDs, or remove outdated CRDs. When you perform a canary upgrade by installing a newer version of Gloo Edge in your data plane cluster, the existing Gloo Edge CRDs are not updated to the newer version automatically, so we need to perform a manual step of applying the new CRDs first. The Gloo Edge CRDs are designed to be backward compatible, so the updated CRDs should not impact the performance of your older installation. However, if after evaluating the newer installation you decide to continue to use the older installation, you can easily re-apply the CRDs for the older version.
```

> To check the updates to CRDs, view the upgrade notice for each minor version, or the changelogs for each patch version. To re-apply older versions of CRDs, you can run `helm pull gloo/gloo --version <version> --untar` and `kubectl apply -f gloo/crds`.

Reviewer 2: there is a piece missing at the end of the first sentence
